more humane personalities and
Today's visit is one of the most requested
from its launch to
who does not know the greatest victory was the
first program so said
presentation do something told me okay
talking with you
The first of youtube in brazil then
This is the recipe we're going to make.
now it's going to be a lot of people staying
happy
onion breaded my eye kings is this
even where they came from the burger
king and bob araújo which is crunchy either
niche layer to put of being
fashion but what does he put of them took
from the mouth
today we have learned to do
only will come into your ingredients are
here o
in the video description on youtube then
come to make this wonder
With this recipe, how is it? Just do it.
the breading that is her secret has failed
then he was going to do a lot for our
wheat flour and wheat flour will
get that taste of football
properly the kingdom to like you
the people are very fond of a little
Capixaba in the salt will not say do not leave
that pleasant miss the taste
We give a study that our
Wheat flour is ready're ready to
onion in slices line then the lady
comes round Basque way on line 10
as it was not inside the other it is
You will remove it by removing the lines and
try to cut a little thick gave 50
very thin will open that line open
noel rodrigues is the oil is is the dell of
oil is just be beautiful so we do not
besides insurance and wanted to leave
better will appear second nava that there is
bathrooms are already seen on Monday and
make her taste more delicious
so come on, the trash will always get worse
Jorge and Gleide this recipe will not or
comes milk that milk will leave more
crunchy a way that the milk you play
here in our wheat flour milk
New to the bakery is a lot better to do.
without speaking anything here
if you have not you can use the same
play much better
and oh once did he leave the time
place to see again and again here in
Personal sheet looks that wonder
so I screwed up good
Obviously, that's wonderful, just let it go.
that rest him having his chest like that
leaving here resting and now it 's just
repeat the process with all other
then try to leave the ten minutes of the
just for a firm before you
stay then to take the child to the
that you had and there how much you
frying pan
well then we have or had to
Our luck riggs now I heated the oil
it gets really hot and now it's just
our done lined
Let's play here our zone and
indisciplines stay as wonder go
there lets take a look and enter
a little quit some of the oil began
a bit before
that we have reached the end of yet another
recipe these guys put them
wonderful let me do the wickedness of
that you and I just do not know if you can hear the
final whistle in the chamber now is
wonderful and that is if you cut the
personal video already know that I liked it
here below subscribe to the channel here
teaches that you already know that you
be so try 31 days then
Come on everybody beating the drug is
That's until the next tomorrow, come back to
folks
[Music]